Why is Mr. Sheng's face wrong?
Master Yang, I seem to have hit the road
There we go.
That woman went to my event store
Bought a 50 million yuan blue and white crown
But this box is too small.
Can't hold that can at all
It seems that even if I can't wait today
Don't take the initiative to provoke
Let me out.
Don't worry, Mr. Sheng
Your night pearl is worth one billion.
Few things can be higher than you
I hope so.
Don't capsize in the gutter
Wow
So beautiful
This is a diamond.
Hou Lao please experience
Is this the greatest chaos in the legendary world?
Heart of the Ocean
heard
He was long ago sent to the guillotine with the king
destroy
I didn't expect him to be intact
Hou Lao Mingjian
He's just a down-and-out king
About to be guillotined
How could it be possible to wear such precious jewelry?
Their rumors
Untrustworthy
Mr. Sheng
Your night pearl is compared to my heart of the ocean
My heart of the ocean is not only precious
And it represents a piece of history
What do you think, Hou Lang?